workflows learning path (#22263)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/learning-paths/workflows-course/series/workflows-2.mdx

      #### Batch Processing Code

      The following code snippet shows the endpoint responsible for batch processing:

      [See here](https://github.com/craigsdennis/punderful-workflows/tree/main/src/index.tsx#L291)

      This code:

        1.  Fetches the list of puns from a JSON file (`puns.json`).
        2.  Logs the number of puns being processed.
        3.  Sets a user ID for tracking.
        4.  Loops through each pun.
        5.  Performs basic text cleaning on the pun.
        6.  Inserts the pun into the database (handled by `insertPun`).
        7.  Triggers the `PUBLISH` Workflow for each individual pun using `c.env.PUBLISH.create()`. The Workflow is given a unique ID using `crypto.randomUUID()`.

      ### Monitoring Workflow Instances via CLI

      The Cloudflare Wrangler CLI provides commands to monitor and manage Workflows and their instances.

      To list the available workflows associated with your account:

      ```bash
      npx wrangler workflows list
      ```

>       To list the instances of a specific workflow (e.g., the `publish` workflow):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      To list the instances of a specific workflow (for example, the `publish` workflow):
```
